UNIFY-328 Update all references to config file (#4093)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/dashboard/flaky-test-management.md

tests from failing entire test runs or CI builds.

Test retries is **disabled by default**, and you can

> [enable it within your Cypress configuration file](/guides/guides/test-retries#Configure-Test-Retries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[enable it within the Cypress configuration](/guides/guides/test-retries#Configure-Test-Retries).
```
